---
layout: post
title: Pier 21
categories:
    - Food
published:false
---

{% include image.html url="/static/pier-21/corner1.jpg" caption="Food stalls tout their offerings at the Pier 21 food court." %}

I'll never forget the first time I walked into an Asian mega-mall.

It was sensory overload. Lights beamed everywhere. Shoppers dashed between major international outlets. Escalators climbed towards the sky, each one its own stairway to heaven.

In Bangkok's _Terminal 21_, the escalators really did climb to a heaven, of sorts: the Pier 21 food court.

I had to reconsider everything I knew about food courts; I saw no Sbarro or Panda Express. Instead, Pier 21 was packed with a grid of nameless food stalls serving delicious food for rock-bottom prices. Plates were just $1-2.

{% include image.html url="/static/pier-21/card.jpg" caption="The Pier 21 Food Court Card's balance can be spent at any of the stalls." %}

To get started, I filled up a card in one corner of the food court. (200 baht, ~$6 USD, was more than enough.) I then roamed about the stalls to take in the sheer variety of Asian cuisine. Pad thai, fried seafood, ramen, korean pork and rice-- this list just scratches the surface. The lunar rover would have a hard time exploring everything in one go.

{% include image.html url="/static/pier-21/corner2.jpg" caption="Food stalls are small and efficiently operated." %}

{% include image.html url="/static/pier-21/menu.jpg" caption="Stall menus are simple and focused around cuisines like Korean or Thai." %}

I don't quite remember which dishes I tried. Nothing really stood out: a korean pork here, some fried seafood there. In general, Pier 21's variety trumped the food's flavor. Don't get me wrong-- I enjoyed every dish. My second time around, though, I felt that seemingly different dishes actually tasted quite similar. For something to check out once, though, Pier 21 was certainly worth the trek.

Pier 21 Food Court in Terminal 21 Mall. Bangkok, Thailand
